My mom, my mom, she has cancer.
Needs a body transplant
But I can't find a matching blood type in the whole country
Finally found it
It's Liu Yunyan
So for him, I will destroy my Ouyang family
No, no.
Liu Yunye is pregnant
No kidney transplant surgery
My mom can't wait
Only by forcing him
As long as Liu Yunyue dies
Your Ouyang family will definitely not give up
So we can only cut the grass and eradicate the roots
Hahahaha good
Your Chen family is ruthless
It's just that you bullied the wrong person
The owner Qingming teased us
I'm going to rescue the lady
Call all the history of the twelve gods
I'm going to lock down the entire South City within an hour
None of the Chen family will stay
Let them escape
It's the owner, I beg you to forgive me, please forgive me
I was wrong, I was wrong, the owner.
How do you deal with dead people?
Forgive me, ma'am
Forgive me, I was wrong, I don't dare to let you go anymore
Not so easy